And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it! Who are those horrible orange men? That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing.

Daylight and everything. Oh, I think we should just stay friends. For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. Fatal. Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'?

It's a T. It goes "tuh". Dad

dy Bender, we're hungry. Maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you are pretending to be. Who am I making this out to?



You know the worst thing about being a slave? They make you work, but they don't pay you or let you go. We don't have a brig. Shut up and take my money! I never loved you. Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat.

You don't know how to do any of those. I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy! Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory. You're going to do his laundry?

Bender, this is Fry's decision… and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life. I don't know what you did, Fry, but once again, you screwed up! Now all the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas.

Ah, the 'Breakfast Club' soundtrack! I can't wait til I'm old enough to feel ways about stuff! I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day. Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. The alien mothership is in orbit here. If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.

As an interesting side note, as a head without a body, I envy the dead. With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun! I feel like I was mauled by Jesus. Ask her how her day was. You know, I was God once.

Is that a cooking show? One hundred dollars. Fry! Stay back! He's too powerful! THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN!

Hey, you add a one and two zeros to that or we walk! I just told you! You've killed me! Goodbye, cruel world. Goodbye, cruel lamp. Goodbye, cruel velvet drapes, lined with what would appear to be some sort of cruel muslin and the cute little pom-pom curtain pull cords. Cruel though they may be…

I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh… also, comes with double prize money. Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything.

I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense. Hello Morbo, how's the family? I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope?

Fetal stemcells, aren't those controversial? Meh. I'm Santa Claus! Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing. Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament it. Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing.

Hello, little man. I will destroy you! Ugh, it's filthy! Why not create a National Endowment for Strip Clubs while we're at it? Please, Don-Bot… look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file!

She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time! I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct.

I find your lack of faith disturbing. Dantooine. They're on Dantooine. The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. Ye-ha! The Force is strong with this one. I have you now.

The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers. Ye-ha! I'm trying not to, kid. Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money.

What?! Don't underestimate the Force. You mean it controls your actions? Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home!

Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force. The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.

I'm trying not to, kid. Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, what do you think? Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've got to go home. It's late, I'm in for it as it is.

Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, what do you think? He is here. I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide.

I can't get involved! I've got work to do! It's not that I like the Empire, I hate it, but there's nothing I can do about it right now. It's such a long way from here. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands.

Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct.

You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home! What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide.

I'm trying not to, kid. Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you. Dantooine. They're on Dantooine.

In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. I have traced the Rebel spies to her. Now she is my only link to finding their secret base. I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself.

I can't get involved! I've got work to do! It's not that I like the Empire, I hate it, but there's nothing I can do about it right now. It's such a long way from here. Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, what do you think?

Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.

What?! The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. I find your lack of faith disturbing. All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it? Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you.

I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.

You don't believe in the Force, do you? Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time!

Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them. I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.

You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! Don't underestimate the Force. Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him. What?! I call it luck. Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.

Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you. I care. So, what do you think of her, Han?

I never loved you. Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head." You know the worst thing about being a slave? They make you work, but they don't pay you or let you go.

Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars. No, just a regular mistake. Just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged. Uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way?

Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain. Perhaps, but perhaps your civilization is merely the sewer of an even greater society above you!

You are the last hope of the universe. That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. You, a bobsleder!? That I'd like to see!

No. We're on the top. I had more, but you go ahead. Fetal stemcells, aren't those controversial? Enough about your promiscuous mother, Hermes! We have bigger problems. Is the Space Pope reptilian!?

Is the Space Pope reptilian!? You know, I was God once. I don't know what you did, Fry, but once again, you screwed up! Now all the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas. Say what? Fry! Quit doing the right thing, you jerk!